I keep telling everybody they should
move on
someday Alanis
[Music]
a small chance
we owe this
everyone who's not in this room to try
[Music]
we will
whatever it takes
[Music]
heretics
whatever it takes
[Music]
look you can talk to humans I can talk
to Pokemon and if you want to find your
pops we're gonna need no I don't need a
Pokemon what about a world-class
detective
[Music]
now obviously I've done what this putz
before so I'll just do it again hey bud
what are you doing I can't do when
people are watching
that's a twist that's very twisty
[Music]
our services still off-limits to me what
do you need guns lots of guns you think
you can take John with you got a nasty
surprise coming we could keep this up as
long as you'd like
[Music]
hey can you make me a prince there is a
lot of gray area in make me a prince I
could just make you a prince oh no I
thought a princess could go anywhere not
this princess do you trust me
[Music]
it's not as a fat boy from nowhere get
to be a soul man got to kill the person
you were born to be in order to become
the person you want to be sleeping
arrangements one of this is going I just
hope you realize you're choosing a knife
of being a man forever
[Music]
I should have tried to be more ordinary
he would never odd marry
[Music]
they're everywhere battling for
dominance
arrival alpha to Godzilla
you gotta be kidding
[Music]
so you'd want to make Godzilla our pet
no we would be
you're special gene and if you stop
fighting that force inside you he will
possess the very power of a god
tell me how we fix this Charles tell me
what to do I don't know what to do bad
things happen to people I watch the girl
dies she's still June we can still help
her sometimes you want to believe people
are something that they are not
now the time you realize who they are
it's too late
[Applause]
[Music]
now get get out of there this is home
base to all units the package has left
the building does anyone have eyes on
him I don't see someone's in my litter
box do any of you know captain snowball
and here we go
it's no time
if he okay not in any way we are every
month
[Music]
recognizable only as deja vu and
dismissed just as quickly
welcome to MIB you will be with agent
peach one of the best ever to wear this
suit catching up on my daily meditation
time for lunch I thank you hungry
if you a big red button around here
somewhere found it we are the Memon
black we have to find the holy tool but
what would he do jump out of a moving
vehicle let's go hey you gotta go you
gotta go
my way whatever
kids lose their toys every day I was
made to help the child remember it being
this hard buddy somebody's whispering in
your ear
I just want to go on my trip with my
friends Europe doesn't really need a
friendly neighborhood spy
[Music]
so nice to finally meet you in
spider-man Nick Fury just hijacked our
summer vacation get gifts Parker a job
to do
are you going to step up or not
you don't want any part of this
everything the light touches
is our kingdom
but a keys time is ruler rises and falls
like the Sun
one day
the Sun was set on my time here
and will rise with you as the new king
[Music]
actors are required to do a lot of
dangerous stuff cliff here is meant to
help carry load is that how you describe
your job cliff like carrying his load
it's about right
[Music]
my hands are registered as lethal
weapons we get into a fight I
accidentally kill you I go to jail
anybody accidentally kills anybody in
the fight they go to jail
it's called manslaughter
[Music]
our targets name is Brixton he's a ghost
we're gonna need the best trackers in
the business you guys have to work
together
you've gone
[Music]
you